---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: my feelings
datePublished: '2015-10-28T17:18:01.026Z'
dateModified: '2015-10-28T17:17:52.124Z'
title: 1st time
sourcePath: _posts/2015-10-28-1st-time.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
### HOW DID EXGGAGE COME ABOUT?

Did you know that there are still places around the world that haven't been explored? They are just dots on the map, with tiny names beside them, which most people don't pay attention to. And it certainly doesn't occur to them to visit those locations, meet the people and see how they live.

Not so with Alex and Peter Santaella, who have been traveling around the world visiting these remote areas, getting to know the inhabitants and coming away with lasting friendships.

About a year ago, Alex and Peter were exploring a remote part of the Amazon rainforest. They sought out one of the "uncontacted" tribes of Peru -- people who lived as their forefathers lived and who had never met outsiders. There are many such tribes in the rainforests of Peru and Brazil. Sadly, because of the ever-increasing industrialization of these regions, these people's land is being encroached upon ever so slowly.

Alex and Peter wished to document the lives of this tribe before it changed forever. They were able to communicate through sign language at first, before rapidly learning their language. They took photos, they collected examples of musical instruments, hunting gear, and clothing.

And then it was time to return home.

They made it all the way to Lima with their invaluable collection of artifacts, but when it came time to get on a plane at Chavez International Airport, they were stuck.

They didn't dare trust these items to the depths of the plane's baggage compartment, but there was too much material for them to bring on board into the cabin. Desperately they wandered up and down the line of people waiting to board the plane, asking for help...

And thus the idea of Exggage was born...